#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
cairocffi==1.2.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
cairosvg==2.5.2
    # via weasyprint
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
coverage==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==3.4.8
    # via social-auth-core
cssselect2==0.4.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via django-import-export
django==2.2.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-select2
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-uuidfield
    #   djangorestframework
django-appconf==1.0.3
    # via django-select2
django-ckeditor==5.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crispy-forms==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==2.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-ckeditor
django-mathfilters==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-select2==7.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-history==2.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tables2==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-uuidfield==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-wysiwyg==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-swagger
html5lib==1.1
    # via weasyprint
idna==2.8
    # via requests
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via coreschema
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
oauthlib==3.2.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via django-rest-swagger
pendulum==2.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cairosvg
psycopg2-binary>=2.8,<2.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via social-auth-core
pyphen==0.11.0
    # via weasyprint
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via pendulum
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2019.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via pendulum
requests==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
simplejson==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-swagger
six==1.12.0
    # via
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-simple-history
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
    #   social-auth-app-django
social-auth-app-django==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.1.0
    # via social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tablib==3.0.0
    # via django-import-export
tinycss2==1.1.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via coreapi
urllib3==1.24.3
    # via requests
weasyprint==47
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
whitenoise==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
